Hahaha
You can only talk like this. It's fun
Come, let me help you. Don't worry.
Just give me a good look
How did I live in a luxury house in a luxury car?
You'll be a housewife forever
I can't afford to eat, I can't afford to live
So poor
Xu Xiaofu
You have no money in this card, what nonsense are you talking about?
How can I have no money?
It must be your machine that is broken and should be beaten
Hurry up and get a new one
Xu Zhengyi, I said you are bankrupt
You are talking nonsense
Answer the phone
I notified
That's not possible.
I won't believe your nonsense
Who said that?
President, who are we provoking?
Our family is now asking for poop, and they are all withdrawing
Other partners have withdrawn from the cooperation
We are bankrupt
What is the eldest disciple?
We are broke